							How to Use This Python YouTube Downloader with Pygame

									Prerequisites

Install Python: Make sure you have Python installed on your system.
Install yt-dlp: Use the command below to install yt-dlp:
pip install yt-dlp

Install Pygame: Ensure Pygame is installed using the command:
pip install pygame

Install ffmpeg: You must have ffmpeg installed on your system.


									Project Setup

Assets Folder: The project relies on several images and audio files located in the ../Youtube Downloader/Assets/ folder. Ensure you have the following resources:

Audio Files:
interface-12-204786.mp3 (click sound)
touchpad-click-158339.mp3 (hover sound)
oldcomputerbootingup-16979.mp3 (downloading sound)
success-fanfare-trumpets-6185.mp3 (success sound)
funny-laughing-sound-effect-205565.mp3 (error sound)

Image Files:
home.png (main screen)
audio.png (audio download button)
video.png (video download button)
both.png (both audio and video download button)
downloading 1.png to downloading 4.png (animation frames)
Error.png (error display)
success.png (success display)

								  Running the Application

Configure Download URL: Change the URL to your desired YouTube video:
python
url = "https://youtu.be/YOURVIDEO"  # Replace with your own URL

Download Options:
Click the Audio button to download audio only (MP3 format).
Click the Video button to download the video in 720p.
Click the Both button to download both the highest-quality audio and video streams merged into an MP4 file.

							      Audio and Animation Feedback

Hovering over any button will trigger a sound effect.
When you click a button to start downloading, the animation and sound effects will indicate the process.
If the download is successful, a success image and sound will play.
If there's an error, an error image and sound will be displayed.

								      Customization

You can modify the file formats and qualities in the ydl_opts dictionaries to suit your needs.
Ensure the correct path to your ffmpeg installation in the ffmpeg_location option.
You can change the images to what you want at canva.com and audios at Pixabay.com.

									Quitting

The application will automatically close after showing the success/error screen for a few seconds. You can also close it by clicking the close button.